[Music]
surprise I'm with M and we are in
Lon I am visiting her because she
recently moved to London and I was too
excited I just you know took the first
flight it's like the second week f is
here yes we're going to start in so
and have some breakfast and explore the
neighborhood it's such a vibrant City
London has so many amazing inspiring
people and the fashion so beautiful and
like I'm immediately so fascinated by
the city even though I've been here but
it's just like now I'm older and it's
just kind of different to experience it
now and it's just so big and so many
different neighborhoods to like see
explore yeah so we better get
going
[Music]
the breakfast was really really good MH
I of course had egg Benedicts because I
love it so much but they had egg
Benedicts of the day and it was uh egg
floring
and I haven't had that in a long time
and it's actually so good it's like
spinach instead of like salmon or ham
and it's just so good now I guess we're
just going to walk a bit around mhm
check out some stores
[Music]
Maybe
I found this sweater and I think it's
kind of cute it's like fussy I think I'm
going to try it
on okay I'm not sure about like the
shoulders they're a bit too extra for me
I'm not sure could have been cute it had
potential but I'm not sold I'm
[Music]
not
we checked out a few vintage stores and
MAA bought a like a reddish cardigan
yeah it's like burgundy red the color
was amazing it was mostly for beautiful
but we are standing in front of a cafe
called Leon and I've seen it all over
social media and the coffee there looks
incredible okay guys this is not the
right Leon that we were planning on
going going to switch it around it's
actually right across the street and
this one is way more aesthetic the other
one was like fast food fast yeah but
this one this is the one that we were
looking
[Music]
for
we are in SoHo and we are currently
standing on like this Danish corner I
don't know if it's called that but there
are so many Danish designer stores here
so it's dinya Samu
Samu Han Hound a lot of cool Danish
stores Mata wants to go and check GH out
at least and uh maybe a few
[Music]
others
I'm looking for some tops for when I'm
going out for dinner or party I feel
like that's something that I'm missing
in my wardrobe I found this black
striped shirt and it's a little bit more
slim fitted which I think is really nice
but I'm not sure about the silver
detailing on it I don't know if it's
cute or if it's not
cute so guys I realized I totally forgot
to show you our
[Music]
outfits and I bought the shirt I think
it's going to look
[Music]
cute we are walking in a neighborhood
called Marl
bone we were like checking on Google
translate how to pronounce it so
apparently it's Maron marabon Marone
Marone Marone and apparently it's a
beautiful neighborhood it's filled with
cafes and cute stores and I checked on
Google Maps if there were any bookstores
because it's always fun to check out
bookstores and we found one which is so
beautiful so of course we need to go and
check it out check it
[Music]
out we are close to a big rig called
buns from home and they their pastry
looks incredible it's like cinnamon buns
but like all kinds of flavor so we are
going to go andh taste them
[Music]
yes so we picked the pistachio One MH
and I'm very excited it smells
amazing so crunchy mhm it's kind of like
a croissant in the bottom mhm yummy this
is very good mhm
[Music]
we are back home because we wanted to
freshen up a bit and then we are going
to go out for dinner we kind of wanted
to switch up our outfits but before we
start getting ready I kind of wanted to
show you guys what we bought because we
went to a couple of stores that I didn't
really film I can start so in the thrift
store first one this is the card again
this is the red one okay maybe you can
see the color cute you can wear it you
know over something do like one all of
them or you can wear it the other way
around so it's like a two in one really
cute yeah really really I think it can
beute it suits you so well so actually
in Budapest bira showed me this rare
Beauty liquid blush yeah it's amazing
you tried it out and you like you
thought it was so cool oh my God it's
amazing and she had the color happy yeah
so we went and I was going to get happy
but then we kind of decided to get like
another color it's a bit I think it's a
bit more for me but we got this like
tester so it's very pretty yeah it's so
so cute I think this is going to fit
super well with your skin tone and your
hair exactly because I'm like a blondie
and I have quite pale skin this a bit
more taupe color or like this yeah more
subtle mine is a little bit more hot
pink it's a little bit more crazy but
this one is so so nice and this like my
favorite blush ever it's amazing so I
wanted to try this one yeah oh you're
going to love it this one is so cute the
hair so we went to Urban Outfitters yeah
because you had seen the I have seen
this um but I don't even know no it's so
cute you know like gray gloomy days and
you have like the black coats and stuff
and a bit of pop of color it's so cute
it's like yeah yeah and I I mean I
didn't buy a lot I mean I showed you
guys earlier the shirt that I got and
it's really nice because it's just kind
of like slim fitted mhm and I can wear
it on a night out or I can even like
wear just with jeans dress it up dress
it down exactly I have a thing for hats
I've I've said this many times before
and this one was on sale and I just
thought it looked cute this one was at
Urban outfit Urban yeah this one was
also on sale yeah we were like it was a
steel I think it's just a cute fit it's
just kind of different and I love like
the brushed out kind of material mhm so
I think this one is going to be cute
also I don't see you with this color so
much so I think I'm trying to kind of
expand my wardrobe with more colors I'm
getting very inspired by by Ma because
she's like so colorful okay and then the
last one was a belt so this is just like
a leather belt and the Buckle is also
quite chunky and it's it's like the
perfect F yeah like to wear with like a
dress or something I just really needed
like this type of belt so and this was
also at Urban yeah that was all that we
bought just wanted to do a little haul
for you guys because I know you enjoy
them so now we're just going to do a
little makeup and then we are going to
find a nice restaurant to eat some
dinner and we are kind of in the mood
for some pasta but we don't have a clue
where to go and I'm not sure if we're
even going to get a table anywhere and
it's Saturday night we were like oh I
don't know if we're screwed Maybe n but
I hope that there will be some
restaurants that have like walk-ins
those are the best restaurants okay guys
we ready we made it out of the door yes
we did and I'm wearing my new belt and
it's very cute so MAA is looking SLE and
these pink pants and these very chunky
and funky chunky funky shoes M's looking
good you
too
[Music]
good
morning we are taking the bus to nodding
Hill I'm so excited we are going to a
bakery called Laya Bakery and and then
we are going to go to a market called
Pell Market we are going to be there at
like 12ish we uh went to sleep at like
2: in the morning so we needed a bit
longer sleep you know we need our beauty
rest and I feel like everything takes an
hour to go to Lon you just don't realize
like the lengths here are insane always
have to have an hour yeah to go places
exactly but we're excited like the sun
is tiny bit peeking through it was a
little bit gloomy like in the morning
but now the sun is like coming out so
crossing our fingers it's going to be
sunny today a good
[Music]
day there is like this longest queue
ever ever in front of Lia and we didn't
realize that it was this popular because
we had planned on coming here and we are
too stubborn and we really want to try
like this it must be really good this
pastry so we are waiting and it's going
quite fast but we don't know if we're
going to get seats we'll see it must be
good so yeah it's probably worth it so
[Music]
yeah Laya really exceeded our
expectations very good it was worth the
weight definitely it was really good the
pastry and the coffee especially was
really really good coffee was very good
but now we are walking towards the PTO
Bell market and I think it's like uh
Antiques and some food and some clothes
yeah so we're going to go and explore
the market curently Saturday is the main
day but there are still things happening
yeah so let's
see
so we found this jewelry stand and I
spotted this ring it has like a h on it
and I thought to myself I could gift it
to hel because I think it would look
cool on him but then I tried it on and I
think it actually looks pretty cool on
my fingers and then I always like carry
him with me and I think it's kind of
cute so I think I'm going to get
it
I
found such a cool shirt and it's
actually Armani it's 75 lb but I think
it's
[Music]
stunning so this sweet lady just came up
to us and asked us if she could do a
little interview with us I mean it's so
fun and I'm very flattered that she
asked us but I always get a little bit
like stressed out I don't know I feel
like I overthink it and somehow I just I
blink out when people ask me like
questions on the spot this is something
that I need to work on but we said yes
of course so she going to ask about our
outfits and I'm a bit like I'm a bit
black today no she stopped us for a
reason she thought that we looked
fashionable so we're going to go and do
a little interview like wish us
[Music]
luck this Market was actually really
nice and we ended up buying a few
goodies there were so many cool like
vintage stores that have very curated
pieces but it is very expensive to be
honest there were a couple of pieces
that we were like wanting but they were
like 150 lb or something we are walking
towards the blue door yeah it's the
legendary door on Notting Hill it's from
the Notting Hill movie and I'm not sure
if I've ever seen it with my own eyes so
I'm very very excited I love that
[Music]
movie we're both weing our
but I think we need to go and sit down
yeah relax for a moment I need to charge
my phone it doesn't handle like all the
videos and all the pictures I've been
taking my phone is just you know it's
crashing and it needs some power
[Music]
yeah we are getting quite hungry so we
are going to check if we can get a table
at a restaurant that we just randomly
found on Google maps m going to see if
we get a table Yeah fingers
[Music]
crossed the restaurant turned out to be
amazing insane oh and like flatbread
that we had it had mul and garlic and it
was just incredible so good the
restaurant is a bit pricey but it's like
so good the food is like insane and like
all the flavors you know when you don't
need a lot but it's like oh it was
totally worth it and I'm really happy
that we decided to go there so I can
highly highly recommend it to you guys
and when we were about to leave the
bartender offered us shots and we ended
up taking tequila with the bartender it
was so funny yeah it's kind of kicking
in it's a good ending yeah really good
ending on a good day honestly it's been
such an amazing trip to visit M we've
had the coziest and such good quality
time together it's been so fun exploring
London and I'm just so in love with the
city like I want to live here one day
yeah you need to come more often I am
going to visit her like in a couple of
months so I really hope you guys enjoyed
watching and remember to go follow Maha
I will have her Instagram and Tik Tok
down below so thank you so much for
watching and I will see you next week
bye
[Music]